hi I'm Anya welcome to my kitchen today
I'm going to show you how to prepare
booshka those are little tiny pirogue is
stuffed with dried mushrooms feeling and
we sell them with the red borscht
which there is recipe on my channel as
well and I will put a link below in the
description box if you would like to
have a look look at the ingredients so
you know what you need in case you
decide to give the child
I'm starting usually in the evening I'm
going to soak my dried mushrooms and I'm
going to leave it overnight now you can
do it minimal two hours the best four
hours but then it's I'm usually leaving
it overnight then the next day I'm
pouring all my mushrooms into a saucepan
and putting it on my stove and on the
low heat I'm going to be cooking it
until the mushrooms are getting really
soft it might take an hour an hour and a
half it depends on the mushrooms just
make sure that you mixing them from time
to time and if you need more water just
add water so they don't get burned and
when they are finally soft I'm putting
them on my strainer and pushing with my
head I get rid of the excess liquid now
I am going to be holding on to that
liquid in the pot I might need a lighter
on and then on my frying pan I'm adding
on to three tablespoons of oil and
warming it up then adding my onion and
frying it until it gets nice soft and
glossy
and when this is ready transferring my
mushrooms into my food processor adding
green on your hands and then seasoning
it with salt and pepper process it for
around the minute I would say and it
looks like that okay and then I'm
usually transferring into the mixing
bowl and then I'm going to be checking
it for seasoning right now then in my
case I needed to add and more salt and
more pepper okay and then I gave it a
good stir so all the salt the pepper is
nicely mixed stuffing and then I covered
with the silicon a plastic wrap and put
into the fridge and I'm making the
pierogi actually the next day
it does not have to stay so if you want
you can do it the same day for me it's
just easier this way okay so I have a
large pot full of water I add one
teaspoon of salt and putting it to bring
it to a boil and in the meantime in my
food processor I'm adding my flour salt
and then adding one egg okay and then
I'm going to start processing it first
just like this everything gets mixed and
then slowly I'm adding my hot water and
I'm watching well what's happening in my
food processor okay and when the dough
starts forming a bowl just like that I'm
not adding any more water that's why
it's important to just keep adding it
slowly so you catch the moment when it's
ready here we go
and then I'm usually dividing the dough
in half putting one in and sits a button
then the other one I'm rolling out on
the floured surface and then with my
pizza cutter I am cutting little squares
more or less four centimeters by four
centimeters for my four
here we go and then with the tiny spoons
I'm going to be putting them here we go
a small ball of starting and putting in
the middle of my square closing the
corners to create like a kind of
triangle and then I'm closing the other
corners together and it's like a little
ring but it is an ear actually so here
we go again a little bit of stuffing
remember to flip the the the no so you
are closing with the site which was
laying on the table because it's closing
better if you have a little bit of
problems with sticking it together put a
little a little bit of water on the side
and will your finger wet the dough and
then when my water is boiling I'm gently
adding my my mousse got into the water
the important part when you don't
overcrowd the card and as well as when
you add them very gently steer it with
the wooden spoon so they don't get stuck
to the bottom and from the moment they
surface you want to point them for
another two minutes and then they are
ready on the plane you wanna spray them
a little bit with the nonstick spray
just so they don't stick together and
then you serve them with red bushed okay
I hope you guys enjoy the recipe and let
me know what you think and I will see
you next time
fine